ladders with DPMS
you got this loose stitch all right
there you don't do something to fix it
end up with the column of blue stitches
as you work across these you end up with
that blue stitch it's just the way it is
what I do is I pull this stitch out a
little bit extra
I do this about halfway down the needle
but you never deposit the loose stitch
in the same place or you're just moving
your ladder to a different area
and after you get a few stitches down
I'm going to start knitting normal
that tighten it up
not any extra looseness in the whole
column and also when you start on these
first two stitches you should pull these
strands tight to take up the looseness
from the next time
that's how I avoid the ladders
you